Date: 09/01/2018

[12:41]
(General)

Was working - through this video, to have an semi-depth dive into the backend

[13:22]
(General)

After speaking to Dev Doug - the best value, in terms of validated learning
is to go straight super lean process.

You're main aim to test the ideas and see potentials flaws with it first,
should have built incrementally at the start.

Where the 'Only Plan'

  - Mainly based on a main goal,
  - Leap of faith assumptions -> (if we can investigate these initially; it'll
  save a lot of time in the long run, we get them as less wrong as possible)
  - Aim is learn incrementally; walk backwards as much as possible

So it will only work if


[14:28]
(General)

After speaking to Dev Doug again; I've just decided to go straight back to the books
studying lean, and understanding it more - being reading it for around 10 minutes now.

As I know, it's one of the bests processes at the moment that gets us closer to the
truth and removing potential lies.

Gonna check for lean meetup groups as well -


[18:33]
(General)

See if I can get Part 1 done and finished. Then review it.


[19:04]
(General)

Really thinking with these words like, visions, ideas, concepts, assumptions.
How many experiments can be ran simultaneous that will not give us back lying
results?
With all the different words above, the thing that can make the company the
strongest from short to long term and to carry on testing it's previous
assumptions, it's values for all time.

Also experiments initially
For each experiments, 2 people or more from the team, research the same group
and the assumption is that both folks should return back the same result.

This research is necessary, to know that your team mates hours they put into
building something isn't wasted.

We need to formulate some plan to test folks online, as well test them upfront.
People are willing, for us to use some of their time, if they are know they
are part of experiment, part of some fun activity.


[19:30]
(General)

Anthony's Test framework
